Improve Git and Set up documention (#178)
dionysos-dev/Dionysos.jl: docs/src/developers/git.md

Git is very flexible and this can be a bit too much at first.
This guide provides a workflow that should allow you to get things done and not lead you in any tricky situations.
Moreover, it guarantees that the whole team has the same setup.
This guide assumes you have already followed and completed your [Set up](@ref).
This guide assumes that your Github login is `jdupont`. Replace it by the appropriate login since that is not the case.

You can be in 2 situations:
1) You don't have write access to `origin`. If you don't know what this means, it means you are in that situation.
   Once you have enough mastery of Git, we might give you write access but it's best to start in this situation.
2) You have write access to `origin`. This means you can push directly to `master` which you should never do. We only give
   you write access when we trust that you won't mess up.

We have a `master` branch that contains the latest version of all **merged** changes.
There is three `master` branches:
* `origin/master`: that is the branch at https://github.com/dionysos-dev/Dionysos.jl, it is always the most up to date.

> * Your local `master` branch: that is the state of the branch on your computer. It may be a few commits behind `origin/master` as they do not synchronize automatically. You can update it by following [Switching to the master branch and updating it](@ref).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your local `master` branch: that is the state of the branch on your computer. It may be a few commits behind `origin/master` as they do not synchronize automatically. You can update it by following [Switch to the master branch and update it](@ref).
```

* `jdupont/master`: that is the branch of your fork https://github.com/jdupont/Dionysos.jl, it may be many commits behind your local `master` and even more commits behind `origin/master` but we don't care much because we won't use it so you don't have to update it. Once you have write access to `origin`, you care even less if that was possible.

## Workflow

> The workflow is at follows. Your contributions should be grouped into small chunks that brink Dionysos from a working state (which is the current version of `origin/master`) to a new working state containing your improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow is as follows. Your contributions should be grouped into small chunks that bring Dionysos from a working state (which is the current version of `origin/master`) to a new working state containing your improvements.
```

6) then you [Create a pull request on Github](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request);
6) then you should receive reviews asking you to do changes. Do these changes on your computer and push them. To do that, [Switch branches](@ref) to `mybranch` then follow steps 4) and then 5) again;
7) you might need to [Resolve conflicts](@ref), especially if you did not follow step 1);
8) Once your branch has been merged, [Delete your branch](@ref) and go back to step 1) for a new chunk.

If you want to make a change independent from the change you are currently making go back to step 1) use another branch name, say `myotherbranch`.
Once you want to go back to the changes you were doing previously, [Switch branches](@ref) back to `mybranch`.
Changing branches requires you that you have committed your changes so you should at least finish step 4) in order to do that.
It's best to also have completed step 5) so that your changes are backed up in the cloud in case something happens to your computer.

## Fork and add your remote

> These are the steps that should be done only the first time when you setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the steps that should be done only the first time when you set up.
```

The only exception is the file `docs/Project.toml` since you may have changed it by adding `Dionysos` in [Build the documentation](@ref) but you don't want to push that, you want to keep these changes to your computer only.

### VSCode

Switch to Source Control by pressing `Ctrl+Shift+G`.

You will see the modified files with a `M` and the untracked files with a `U`.
Click on the "+" to stage all the changes of a file.
Once all files have been staged, Write a message in the field above the "Commit" blue button.
Then press on the "Commit" blue button.

### Git bash

First [Start Git bash](@ref).

```sh
$ git checkout mybranch # Make sure you are not on the `master` branch!
$ git status # Shows modified and untracked files
$ git add foobar.jl # Stage file `foobar.jl`, replace it by the files you want to stage
$ git commit -m "Commit message" # Replace "Commit message" by a very short message about your changes
```

To unstage every file, do
```sh
$ git reset
```

Alternatively, the following adds all *modified* and *untracked* files.
```sh
$ git add .
```

> Another option is the following which adds all *modified* files and commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another option is the following which adds all *modified* files and commits them directly.
```

```sh
$ git commit -am "Commit message"
```

## Push your changes

### VSCode

Switch to Source Control by pressing `Ctrl+Shift+G` then on the three horizontal dots on the top right of the left pane then on "push" when it is asking which remote to push to, select `jdupont` if you don't have write access or `origin` if you have write access.

### Git bash

First [Start Git bash](@ref).

If you don't have write access, push to your fork:
```sh
$ git push jdupont mybranch
```
Otherwise, push to `origin`:
```sh
$ git push origin mybranch
```
If this fails, it means you don't have write access or that you chose a name of branch that already exists.

## Delete your branch

First, [Switch to the master branch and update it](@ref).

> Otherwise, Git won't see that the branch is merged and will disallow to delete it to avoid losing your work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, Git won't see that the branch is merged and will disallow you to delete it to avoid losing your work.
```
